Proposed 1.9.4 (#4302)
XRPLF/rippled: RELEASENOTES.md

 
Have new ideas? Need help with setting up your node? Come visit us [here](https://github.com/xrplf/rippled/issues/new/choose)

# Introducing XRP Ledger version 1.9.4

> Version 1.9.4 of `rippled`, the reference implementation of the XRP Ledger protocol is now available. This releases introduces an amendment that removes the ability for an NFT issuer to indicate that trustlines should be automatically created for royalty payments from secondary sales of NFTs, in response to a bug report that indicated how this functionality could be abused to mount a ddenial of service attack against the issuer.

Reviewer: Typo 'This releases...' should be 'This release...'

> Version 1.9.4 of `rippled`, the reference implementation of the XRP Ledger protocol is now available. This releases introduces an amendment that removes the ability for an NFT issuer to indicate that trustlines should be automatically created for royalty payments from secondary sales of NFTs, in response to a bug report that indicated how this functionality could be abused to mount a ddenial of service attack against the issuer.

Reviewer: Type 'ddenial of service' should conform with other usage - as in 16 - 'denial-of-service'

> Version 1.9.4 of `rippled`, the reference implementation of the XRP Ledger protocol is now available. This releases introduces an amendment that removes the ability for an NFT issuer to indicate that trustlines should be automatically created for royalty payments from secondary sales of NFTs, in response to a bug report that indicated how this functionality could be abused to mount a ddenial of service attack against the issuer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version 1.9.4 of `rippled`, the reference implementation of the XRP Ledger protocol is now available. This releases introduces an amendment that removes the ability for an NFT issuer to indicate that trust lines should be automatically created for royalty payments from secondary sales of NFTs, in response to a bug report that indicated how this functionality could be abused to mount a denial of service attack against the issuer.
```

Author: I've been calling it a trustline for a decade, and a lot of the documentation does as well, but I'm ok with changing this.

## Action Required

> This release introduces a new amendment to the XRP Ledger protocol, **`fixRemoveNFTokenAutoTrustLine`** to mitigate a potential denial-of-service attack against NFT issuers that minted NFTs and allowed secondary trading of those NFTs to create trustlines for any asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release introduces a new amendment to the XRP Ledger protocol, **`fixRemoveNFTokenAutoTrustLine`** to mitigate a potential denial-of-service attack against NFT issuers that minted NFTs and allowed secondary trading of those NFTs to create trust lines for any asset.
```

This amendments are now open for voting according to the XRP Ledger's [amendment process](https://xrpl.org/amendments.html), which enables protocol changes following two weeks of >80% support from trusted validators.

If you operate an XRP Ledger server, then you should upgrade to version 1.9.4 within two weeks, to ensure service continuity. The exact time that protocol changes take effect depends on the voting decisions of the decentralized network.

For more information about NFTs on the XRP Ledger, see [NFT Conceptual Overview](https://xrpl.org/nft-conceptual-overview.html).

## Install / Upgrade

On supported platforms, see the [instructions on installing or updating `rippled`](https://xrpl.org/install-rippled.html).

## Changelog

## Contributions

> This primary change in this release is the following bug fix:

Reviewer: Grammar 'This primary change in this ...' should be 'The primary change in this...'

- **Introduce fixRemoveNFTokenAutoTrustLine amendment**: Introduces the `fixRemoveNFTokenAutoTrustLine` amendment, which disables the `tfTrustLine` flag, which a malicious attacker could exploit to mount denial of service attacks against NFT issuers that specified the flag on their NFTs. ([#4301](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/4301))

### GitHub

The public source code repository for `rippled` is hosted on GitHub at <https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled>.

> We welcome contributions, big and small, and invite everyone to join the community of XRP Ledger developers and help us build the Internet of Value.

Reviewer: Sentence structure: 'We welcome contributions, big and small, and...'

Consider 'We welcome all contributions and...'
